CSS Networking - Update VPN Gateway NAT FAQ (#113291)
Azure/azure-content: includes/vpn-gateway-faq-nat-include.md

### Does NAT work on active-active VPN gateways?

Yes. NAT works on both active-active and active-standby VPN gateways.

> Bear in mind that each NAT rule is applied to a single instance of the VPN gateway.
> In active-active gateways create a seperate NAT rule for each gateway instance through the "IP configuration ID" field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each NAT rule is applied to a single instance of the VPN gateway. In active-active gateways, create a separate NAT rule for each gateway instance through the "IP configuration ID" field.
```
